1 Corinthians chapter 12, this morning. This part of the Word of God is talking about spiritual gifts. God has given His church gifts by which we can serve Him by serving each other with the gift or gifts that He's given to us. And one of the amazing things about God is God is at work forming a body. A body of believers. People from all walks of life. People from different countries who speak different languages. But yet, we all have a common bond, a connectedness in Jesus Christ. This is a picture of our church family where we went up to Bear Mountain. I pastored in New York City for 26 years. And every year, we would take our church on a trip up north. And this is when our church was quite young. You could see, as a matter of fact, how small Stephen was at that time. And we would go up there to Bear Mountain and enjoy a picnic. And it was a real blessing to have a unity with diversity. To have so many different types of people from different parts of the world all coming together and loving each other and having great unity. This was our church family outside of the building that we met in. We had a three-story building. Actually, two stories plus a basement. But God gave us that. And we were able to meet there with people from all over the earth. And it's a tremendous blessing to see how God can use people. Even though we live in a world where there's a lot of racial strife that is being stirred up, what I know from experience is that all of that is done away with in Jesus Christ. When we know the Lord and we love each other, all of these differences are removed. And people of different cultures, people of different skin colors, people with different linguistic ability speak different languages, people with different abilities, and interests can all come together and work together in harmony like we do. Here is our church family. And just as your physical body is all woven together and yet has distinctive, different body parts, so is the body of Christ. And God has... Yes, you're up there. Most of you are looking, where am I? You're in there. And so far, we have learned that God has given us a variety of gifts by the Holy Spirit. The Bible teaches this in 1 Corinthians 12, verses 4 through 11. And it shows us how the Spirit of God has given us these gifts. And all of our gifts come from a common source, the Spirit of the Lord. Verse 4 says, now there are diversities of gifts, meaning differences of gifts, but the same Spirit. There are diversities of administrations, but the same Lord. There are diversities of operations, but it is the same God, which worketh all in all. And so God has given us gifts, and they all come from a common source, and that is the Lord, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, I believe implied here in these verses 4 and 5, 4 through 6. Also, spiritual gifts, as we've learned, come for a common good. God does not gift us for our own benefit. He gifts us for the benefit of one another, as He says in verse 7, but the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit with all. In other words, everyone can benefit from the manifestation of the Spirit. Everybody can get a blessing from the Spirit of God, who has equipped every one of His children with differing abilities, differing gifts, if we would only get using them and helping each other and serving one another. And so they come for a common good. That's why God gives them, not for our own selfish entertainment or enjoyment, but for the well-being of each other. We've also seen that spiritual gifts come through a common Spirit, and He's going to lead into a section describing how there should be unity, even with diversity. He says in verse 8, for to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom, to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit, to another faith by the same Spirit. You get the idea. He mentions all kinds of gifts, whether help gifts or sign gifts, but they all come from the same Spirit. Why is God doing this? Well, the Corinthians had a problem. They had a problem of being envious over each other's gifts. They had a problem of seeking the gifts of notoriety, the gifts that could be seen by others. Unfortunately, even in the body of Christ, many minister for their own benefit, for their own acknowledgment that people would notice them. You know, we need to have a funeral to our own ambition. We need to die to self-promotion and say, Lord, help me to live to promote You from now on, not myself. It's not about You. It's not about me. It's about the Lord. And God has given us gifts and abilities that are different, and the carnal Corinthians all wanted the limelight. They wanted to be seen and recognized because again, they're living as men. Many of them were saved, but Paul does say examine yourselves to see whether you be in the faith. He had good reason to really examine if they were even true born-again Christians because of the extent of the carnality. But everybody wanted the gift of tongues. They wanted the gift that others could observe and notice. And Paul spends three chapters under the inspiration of the Spirit of God to show that it was never God's intention that we would all have the same gift or gifts. Even in a day when tongues was operative, it was never God's intention that everybody speak in tongues. And he shows that the Spirit distributes the gifts severally as He will. Do you remember that? We saw that in v. 12. For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being many, our one body, so also is Christ. Meaning, Christ's body. And that's what we're going to talk about today. We're going to talk about a diversified, unified body. Diversified, we're different. But yet, unified body. You know that was Jesus' prayer. May they be one even as we are one. That's what Jesus prayed in John 17. His prayer that we would be united. God loves unity. Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. Psalm 133. And you know in Proverbs 6, the Bible describes several things God hates. One of the things God hates is those who sow discord among the brethren. Those who would plant seeds of discord rather than harmony and unity. God says he hates that. He wants his people to be united. But we need to acknowledge that unity doesn't mean uniformity. Unity does not mean the cultic idea that everybody is exactly alike. We're different. And we need to not despise those differences, but acknowledge that this is part of God's working in a body. Now think about your physical anatomy for a moment. Think about your body, how you have one body. Hopefully you don't have any detached parts, right? Hopefully it's all together. This is why God's people need to come together too. Because a body has to meet, right? A body has to get together. Satan would like to disrupt the body of Christ. He would like local churches to be dismantled, for Christians to be fragmented and separated from each other. He loves to produce schisms and divisions within churches. But just as the body is one and yet has differing parts, so also is the body of Christ. Think about your physical organs. How many parts there are? Listen, there are thousands of parts. There's so many different parts. Talk about the major ones, we could mention the brain, the pharynx, the heart, the arteries, the muscles, the liver, the gallbladder, the kidneys, the skeletal structure, the intestines, the bladder, the pancreas, the veins, the stomach, the bone marrow within the bone, the spleen, the lungs, the lymph nodes, all of these things point to differing body parts and yet they're all necessary. And those are the internal ones. We could talk about the external ones, the hair, in my case, it's not too much. We could talk about the eyes, the ears, the mouth. We could talk about the skin, right? All of this is absolutely necessary for the whole, for the whole, every part is important. Every part of your physical body is important for the well-being of the whole. Now we need to think of the church this way, that God saved you, made you a part of his church, and he wants all of us to contribute something to the rest of the body, just like your various body parts contribute to the rest of your body. So we're gonna see today that God has established a unified yet diversified church body. And it is our goal that each and every member, each and every one of us, would see his or her vital role in the body of Christ from 1 Corinthians chapter 12. First of all today, let's acknowledge that every member is united by spirit baptism into the body. This is how God glues us together. How does God tie together his body? He does so every time one believes on the Lord Jesus Christ at that instant, at that moment. They are baptized by the spirit of God into the body of Christ. That's when we become one. We maybe didn't realize that. We talk about becoming one in relationship to Jesus, right? But did you consider that by becoming one in Christ, you also become one with each other in a relational sense? That's why we call each other brothers and sisters, right? And so it is the spirit of God that produces this marvelous oneness. Please notice verse 13. For by one spirit, and that's the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of God, are we all, none excluded, baptized, not talking about water. We hear the word baptize, you automatically think it's water. But did you know there are three baptisms talked about in the Bible? There's baptism in water, yes, that's obvious. Mark 1, verse 4, a host of scriptures talk about that. What is baptism in water? It is a believer's public identity. It is a believer's opportunity to declare outwardly whose side he's on. And if you've decided to follow Jesus, if you know him as Savior, God wants you to make it known publicly by being water baptized. So water baptism shows repentance and faith. It shows that you identify with Christ and you're not ashamed of him. But then did you know there's a baptism in death? Jesus said to his disciples, I have a baptism to be baptized with that you know not of, speaking how he would be immersed into suffering and death. And that is found in Luke 12, 50, also Mark 10, 38. But there's also a baptism by the Spirit. It was John the Baptist who preached this. He said, I indeed baptize you in water unto repentance, but there's coming one after me who's mightier than I, whose shoes I am not worthy to bear. He shall baptize you in the Holy Ghost. That's if you're a Christian. And in fire, if you're not a Christian. But he will baptize you in the Holy Ghost. Speaking of Spirit baptism, also Jesus predicted this, but you shall receive power. After that, the Holy Ghost has come upon you and you shall be witnesses unto me. Remember Acts 1, 8? Even Peter acknowledged that Gentiles should be water baptized who have received, first of all, the Spirit of God. He says, who can forbid water that these should not be baptized? Listen, who have received the Holy Ghost as well as we. Peter acknowledged they received the Spirit of God. They should then get water baptized because they've been Spirit baptized. I believe that water baptism is only for those who have been Spirit baptized. Only those who believe should be water baptized. But if you could have one or the other, which one would you rather have? I'll tell you what. I've seen a lot of people, they go in that tank as dry devils. They come out wet devils. Never saved. Water baptism doesn't save, by the way. But when we believe on the Lord Jesus, we are Spirit baptized. And by the way, I am for water baptism. I mean, this is a Baptist church. Come on. Right? We're for water baptism. In the Bible, it's always by immersion. It's always for believers, not babies, not infants. It was always for a person who could declare their faith publicly in the Bible. Talking about what's going on in Gaza right now in Israel. In Acts 8, there was a man on the road of Gaza going from Jerusalem back to Ethiopia. He's a eunuch. And he is reading the prophet Isaiah. Philip joins him in his chariot, opens the same Scripture, and preaches unto him Jesus. Jesus is the one he's talking about. That eunuch in Gaza says, see, here is water. What doth hinder me to be baptized? And he said, if you believe with all your heart, you may. He commanded the chariot to stand still. They went down into the water, both Philip and the eunuch, and he baptized him. And that happened right where that war is coming out of right now. But I say that to say this. Water baptism is important, but infinitely more important is to have the Spirit baptism because that happens the very instant you believe on the Lord. For by one Spirit, verse 13, are we all baptized into one body. Not one child of God goes without Spirit baptism. And again, it's my understanding that the body here is referring to the body of all believers. Because you could have somebody get water baptized into a local body, and they may or may not be saved. We hope they are. They profess faith in the Lord. But when somebody gets saved, they become part of the larger body of Christ. We could say a macro look at the Christian church, all believers. That means, my brethren in different parts of the world, I've been baptized into a union with them. And I believe he's speaking of the grand body here. Now, the local body is a microcosm of the universal body, which is the macrocosm. And I believe that every local church is a small representation of the greater body that one day will all be brought together in heaven when Christ returns. And everyone who's part of the greater body of believers should be part of a local body of believers because I believe the universal church body finds its physical outworking in the local church bodies. And it's by one Spirit that we are all baptized into one body. So he's speaking about that unified body of all believers who is being added to every time somebody gets saved and one day that body will be complete. And so by one Spirit, are we all baptized into one body. Notice, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, the Spirit unites every believer into a vital relationship with the Messiah regardless of our race or nationality. And this is why biblical Christianity really should eradicate racism. And everyone who has a true biblical anthropology and an understanding of people understand that one is no better than the other when it comes to ethnicity. When it comes to ethnicity, when it comes to race, there's only one race, it's the human race. But when we get saved, people are immersed into the body of Christ whether they are Jew or non-Jew. So regardless of race or nationality and regardless of social status, bond or free, whether a person in the ancient days of Paul was a slave or a freeman, there was no categorical difference in Christ because the same Holy Spirit unites the person who was in the difficult condition of slavery or somebody who was a freeman. One wasn't better than the other. They were all united together by the same Spirit. And it's a miracle. I tell you that when somebody believes on the Lord Jesus Christ, the Spirit regenerates our hearts. He adopts us into God's family by the new birth. He comes to dwell within our bodies. And He unites us to Jesus and to everyone else who belongs to Jesus. It's a marvelous thought. And so because it is the self-same Spirit who unites us into Christ's body, there are no second-class, second-rate, lower-caste or inferior believers. You should never view anyone as being inferior in the body of Christ. All are necessary. Just like in your physical body, every part has its purpose. He further talks at the end of v. 13, and he says, "...and have been all," all means all, "...all made to drink into one Spirit." It's a work of God. It's passive, meaning that the Spirit is the one who did the baptizing, and we've been made to drink into one Spirit. It was God who did the work. Nobody, no matter how much effort they put into this, can summon the Spirit of God and say, I want your Spirit. No, you receive Christ, you get the Spirit automatically. You say, how many? Everyone. Every believer. Don't let anybody tell you that there are some believers that have the Spirit and others who do not. There are some believers that are not filled with the Spirit. That is true. Otherwise, God would never command us to be filled with the Spirit. But every believer has the Spirit, and it's the Spirit that has immersed us into the body of Christ. And so, as we think about this, we should be thanking the Lord for that we've been made to drink into one Spirit. Secondly, every member has a distinct function in the body. Every body part has a distinct job. Notice v. 14. For as the body is not one member, but many, and there he's speaking of the physical body, literally has thousands of distinct parts from real small parts to more observable parts, but each performing a different job or a different role. He says in v. 15, if the foot shall say, because I am not the hand, I am not of the body, is it therefore not of the body? That would be foolish, right? For the foot to say, well, I'm not the hand, therefore I'm not of the body. God doesn't care about me. Woe is me. By the way, 15 and 16 are all rhetorical questions expecting a no answer. So the foot, it may not be as attractive as the hand, but it is vitally needed because the foot does a job that the hand cannot do. When was the last time you saw somebody walking to church on their hands? God didn't design the hands to walk. You know, when you play pickleball, you need hands and feet, right, Tom? Charlie knows that. You know, we all, we have hands to do the hand job of holding the racket. We need feet to carry us to where the ball is and it should work together. Now the ear, notice v. 16, and if the ear shall say, because I am not the eye, I am not of the body, is it therefore not of the body? Now the ear may not be as pretty as the eye, but it is vitally needed because it does a job the eye cannot do. It is totally immature for us to pout about not being the eye. Gardner writes in the Corinthian Catastrophe, he says, imagine if you can an ear saying, no one ever looks longingly into me. No one comments on how beautiful I am like they do the eye. I will seek to be an eye. So the poor ear fasts and prays and prostrates itself, pours out its wax, seeking to be an eye. You'd say that's ridiculous. And you're right. But that was the state of the Corinthian church. They all wanted to speak in tongues and God is saying it was never God's intention for everybody to do that. Everyone wanted the eye-catching gift because they wanted to be noticed. How vain that is. Notice verse 17. If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where would be the smelling? In other words, you need a nose. But now hath God set the members, every one of them in the body as it hath pleased Him. Each part of the face experiences life through a different sense. The eye sees, the ear hears, the nose smells, the tongue tastes, the cheeks feel. And not everyone in the church can do the same thing. If we all did the same thing, we wouldn't need each other. If your body, for example, if every part of your body did the same thing, then it would not be a body. It would be a blob. Right? It would just be a blob. Not everybody is an eye. Can you imagine if the whole body was just an eye? I see. The point Paul is making is we should never be jealous or envious over the giftedness of another believer, but rather we should praise God for the role that he or she plays in the big picture of Christ's body. You know, if we all did the same job, we wouldn't need each other. The body would be limited, single-faceted, single-dimensional. But the way God designed things is He designed it this way, that everyone would contribute something. Unfortunately, in our world and in America, the church has become largely a place where people come and they assemble and sit, soak, and sour, but rarely serve. And that kind of body is really dysfunctional. Right? God didn't bring us together just so we could come and sit, soak, and sour. God brought us together so we could get edified, but then get busy serving each other. God wants all of us to contribute. If we refuse to function because of fear or pride or a feeling of inability, then the whole body suffers because you have something you can contribute to the body of Christ, all under the direction of the head, which is Christ. So every member has a distinct function in the body. And I see that I have so much to cover and so little time to do it. Let's look at one more verse. Verse 18. It says, "...but now hath God set the members, every one of them, in the body, as it hath pleased Him." So every member is placed by divine design into the body. Now, isn't it true that God is the designer of our physical body? All you have to do is read Psalm 139, right? And in Psalm 139, David recognizes that, God, You are amazing, how You wove me together when I was in my mother's womb, how marvelous are Thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well. And he describes how he was intricately put together when he was in his mother's womb. And I believe that God has a purpose for everyone, even for a person who has a mental retardation. I believe that God has a purpose for every single life. Now, we won't always totally understand what it may be, but God has a reason for allowing what He does. Exodus 3 is an example. God said, Who made man's mouth? Who makes the blind or the deaf? Have not I the Lord? God is the one who allows infirmities, and we'll see next week that He often allows infirmities so that the rest of the body can contribute to help that person out. But God is the designer and builder of our physical body, so He is the designer and builder of the body of Christ. And He sovereignly places each part into Christ's church and equips and enables them to do their job. I like what he says in verse 18. But now hath God set the members, listen, every one of them in the body. That means not one member of Christ is without design and purpose. Don't ever get down and think, I'm an accident, I'm an afterthought, I'm a mistake. There are no mistakes. God allowed you to be conceived in your mother's womb. God allowed you to come into this life and you have been saved by the grace of God and you've been placed by the Lord in a ministry. He's got a job for all of our people, for everyone. And the designer, notice, placed us all in the body. He set the members, every one of them in the body, listen, as it hath pleased Him. We were designed and gifted for God's pleasure, not merely for our pleasure, not for selfish pursuits. All that we are and all that we have is because of Him. And we should not seek gifts that were not given to us. Rather, we should use the ones that have been given to us and use them to please God, not to please yourself. Not to get recognition from men. People are always looking for the pat on the back, but listen, God did not gift you so that you could just be... And that was very kind, that card today, pastor appreciation, that's very, very kind and very nice. But do you know what? God appreciates, we could call it body appreciation, where everybody in the body of Christ is appreciated by God. And God has set the members in the body as it hath pleased Him, as He desired. Remember last week we saw from verse 11, all these worketh that one in selfsame spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will. In other words, again, it's all part of God's plan. The spirit gives out the gifts according to His will, not our will. And so what has He given you? With ability comes responsibility. To whomsoever much is given, much is required. So has God saved you? If He has, then say, Lord, use me to be a blessing to your body. Would you do that today? Would you pray, God, help me to fulfill the purpose for which you saved me. He didn't just save you to give you a fire escape from hell. Although He did, praise God. But He didn't just save us to give us a fire escape out of hell. He saved us that we would be a ministering body part for the well-being of the whole. Would you join me in prayer? Father, thank you so much for allowing us to consider these thoughts today. Thank you for your sovereign plan and how it is your design that all of us be baptized by the Spirit into one body. And thank you so much that you have given us whatever you've given us that we might be a blessing to somebody else. And so, Lord, I pray that people would get busy serving each other, that none of us would be on the receiving end of that service, but that it would be reciprocal, it would be give and take, that we would be a blessing, and that should be our focus, Lord. Help our eyes to get off of ourself and put our eyes on you. Fix our eyes on Jesus and on your people. Bless each one here with a life of ministry and fruitfulness. I pray that we will not live empty, barren, fruitless lives, but I pray that all of us will be fruitful. Lord, would you please make us righteous. May there be no unconfessed sin in our life that would prevent us from being usable. I pray that we would be sanctified and suitable for the Master's use, that you would use us to be a blessing to one another. May we not just be sitting in front of a TV set, entertaining ourselves, but Lord, in our lives, make us a blessing. We pray this in Jesus' name. Amen.
